Update matter.markdown (#29497)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/matter.markdown

[Eve Door & Window on Amazon](https://amzn.to/3RIU6ml)
[Eve Motion on Amazon](https://amzn.to/3jDujiP)

> ### Leviton Decora Smart Switches (D215S)
> 
> - You will need a My Leviton account and app, and must first connect the switch to the app through the cloud.
> - [Upgrade to Matter-supported firmware](https://decorasmartsupport.leviton.com/hc/en-us/articles/11638969410331)
> - If you want to break Leviton's connection to the switch (and the hole in your firewall), factory reset the swtich before pairing with Matter.
> - Ensure IPv6 is enabled on your HA host, and your phone and HA host are on the same network/VLAN as the switch.
> - The Matter pairing code for the switch is found in the My Leviton app.  There's also a QR code, but it's worthless with a single phone.
> - Place the switch in pairing mode by holding the top for about 7 seconds until the LED turns amber.
> - Add the device through "Add Matter Device" with the pairing code.
> - Doesn't always work on the first try.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Leviton Decora Smart Switches (D215S)

- You will need a My Leviton account and app and must first connect the switch to the app through the cloud.
- [Upgrade to Matter-supported firmware](https://decorasmartsupport.leviton.com/hc/en-us/articles/11638969410331)
- If you want to break Leviton's connection to the switch (and the hole in your firewall), factory reset the switch before pairing it using Matter.
- Ensure IPv6 is enabled on your Home Assistant host and your phone and Home Assistant host are on the same network/VLAN as the switch.
- The Matter pairing code for the switch is found in the My Leviton app. There's also a QR code, which isn't very helpful with a single phone.
- Place the switch in pairing mode by holding the top for about 7 seconds until the LED turns amber.
- Add the device through "Add Matter Device" with the pairing code. It doesn't always work on the first try.
```
